so I was driving around right and I was
remembering all the fun times i used to
have all the laughs and all the cars and
things i just used to customize and GTA
online and all the fun that used to be
had it's no longer there anymore yes
GTA's died down everyone's been waiting
for hice things have been slowing down
but I don't know it am I gonna get to
see that I've been banned from online my
multiplayer account mr. James gear he's
gone I had to make a new account but
it's kind of sitting there and I don't
want to have to go through the process
of ranking it up all over again so I was
sitting there right and I thought to
myself hmm I should probably go online
seems like a good idea right I mean I
already know what's gonna happen it's
just gonna say you're banned I'm gonna
get put back in single player but it
never hurts to try it's 2 a.m. in the
morning and why not so I held my d-pad
down and went over to the online
character and surprisingly it didn't say
I was banned I thought it was some sort
of glitch but you never know I'm sitting
here waiting waiting for it to load and
I think maybe this is it maybe i
unbanned maybe I can finally get back on
GTA online and then out of nowhere it
freaking happens it's gone I am no
longer banned from GTA online it is
perfect I'm thinking to myself wait a
second this can't be happening even my
money's back what is up GTA 5 fellow
youtuber people everything's alright
James curious is a countback and I don't
know why I'm talking about myself and
third person but it's a freaking miracle
ladies and gentlemen I am back better
than ever with all my money and stuff
ready to go for GTA online and the high
life toc coming out on May thirteenth
I'm back and ready to go in GTA online
somehow somewhere somebody at Rockstar
must have showed me the love and saw
that I was pretty hurt that my account
was banned until they managed to come
through and unban me now while I still
get to use my beautiful a second
character that's probably just as ugly
as my first character of that video link
down the description long some other
awesome community videos it's a new
thing I'm doing to help them up people
in the community and show off their GTA
5 videos so make sure to tweet me your
videos but that's really it like
I have been unbanned from GTA online
some sort of miracle happened and it's
here I'm here now I can drive around in
GTA and remember all the fun times I
used to have but they're not over yet
mr. James Gary's back online while I
still have that not James Geary account
that's kind of sitting there doing its
own thing I'll be using it for some
other purposes later on but mainly right
now my main accounts back for GTA online
I'm back to being the top dog of the
turkey stuffer crew and everything's
back to normal back to the way it was
somehow I thought I was going to be
permanently banned there was no date but
I emailed rock star and they came
through so thank you to everyone that
supported me and thank you for all the
help thank you for all tweets and
support but I am back in action on GTA
and GTA 5 online all that sweet stuff
another my main account is back it's
somehow freaking miracle but it's there
I'm back and better than ever for GTA
online with all my money back my
apartment my garage and I'm definitely
ready to have two houses lots of car
space and heists coming soon to GTA
online now I know this video is a little
bit different but if you enjoyed it
please make sure to support it by
leaving a like and let me know in the
comments section down below we didn't
enjoy it let me know that too just let
me know you know comments questions
concerns as the comment sections for so
make sure to leave them down below and
also if you're new around here and
haven't already I definitely consider
subscribing for some more awesome daily
gaming and GTA 5 awesome content I'm
getting super close to 300,000
subscribers thank you for all the
support if you want to get social my
Twitter and Facebook or down the
description below that with my xbox live
GTA 5 team picture peck my apparel and I
even have a freaking website coming soon
so a bunch of cool stuff coming thank
everyone so much and have a great day I
am finally unbanned and back in action
and GTA online